Migrate Jetty Proxy to Airlift (#382)
trinodb/trino-gateway: docs/installation.md

`/oauth`.

If you want to proxy additional paths, you can add them by adding the
`extraWhitelistPaths` node to your configuration YAML file.

> Trino Gateway will take regexes from `extraWhitelistPaths` and forward only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trino Gateway takes regexes from `extraWhitelistPaths` and forwards only
```

> those requests with a URI that exactly matches any of the regexes. Be sure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
those requests with a URI that exactly match. Be sure
```
